mean 3 videos mean
there was not much I could have done
who is interested in principle can see
petruhe videos i can lived by in principle
leveled
made an inspection pit
but still the roof behind them we will forget
selections
you can see the smudges over there
time is catastrophically just not
so much is lacking
made in the early days of the installation
done
Well, something like this, in principle
principle can finish i can god
it turned out the floor is made of boards
below how is made to complete in
it can still be heat-resistant finally
spend there warmer on the pocket and
wanted pockets here to do that is
here and here
Well, the brick is not enough all that
left this wreckage is no good
it will therefore be so
Well, we will all continue to repair
bye everyone